What is great about having each new object in its
own variable, is that we can reuse them. Imagine
for example we have our cube here and maybe let's
rotate the cube, also keep it in the same variable
called cube object and use the rotate function.
Use our little formula rotate it by 45 degrees.
Use our cube object.
Now the cube object is rotated and now let's
create a series of same objects that are just
translated and rotated along an axis.
We simply need to create a for loop.
Let's create 10 objects.
And inside we will create a new instance of our
object. Let's call it the rotate object. And so
we use another time our rotate function, but
this time we will rotate around another axis.
And we will rotate x times five. So each new cube
in the series should be slightly more rotated.
And now we provide our original cube object. So
now we have a new instance of the original object,
stored in rotate object. And this rotate object
we can now also translate. Let's keep the same
variable name and override it. So
translate and move it x times 100.
And use the rotate object to do this and then
we push each rotate object that we create
inside the loop into our array. So we will have a
series of objects now. And now we can nicely see
that we have a series of objects each is 100 units
apart and we can also see that they are slightly
more rotated. If we for example rotate them
on the first axis, we get a nice effect.
We can see it slightly
better. So here now we can see
how they are further rotated around the same axis.